Add notification 01N84 for retired planner version. (#509)
neo4j/docs-status-codes: modules/ROOT/pages/notifications/all-notifications.adoc

======
=====

[#_neo_clientnotification_statement_plannerversionunsupportedwarning]

> === Retired planner version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Unsupported planner version
```

.Notification details
[cols="<1s,<4"]
|===
|Neo4j  code
m|Neo.ClientNotification.Statement.PlannerVersionUnsupportedWarning
|Title

> a|The requested planner version is retired and no longer supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a|The requested planner version is no longer supported.
```

|Description

> |The Cypher planner version is retired. The default planner version is used instead.

Reviewer: What do you mean by retired? Is it deprecated or removed?

Reviewer: To me, this looks like 01N01?

Author: Neither, deprecated would mean that it still works as intended until it is removed which it does not, it instead runs the query on the default version. And removed would mean that it should throw an error since the query is invalid while using the retired planner version.

So retired in this case means that the query will still work but won't run on the specified planner version but will instead default to the latest version.

We consider all planner versions except for the default one to already be deprecated and this is the part where we retire it so that we can remove it later.

The status code for deprecations 01N02 includes a part in the message "is deprecated and will be removed without a replacement." which does not apply to this case as can be seen in the discussion on this PR
https://github.com/neo-technology/neo4j/pull/37819#discussion_r3346840032

Reviewer: Is this a customer facing warning?

Reviewer: Can a customer choose their Cypher planner version? Why do we want to show this warning to them?

Author: yes, a customer will be able to choose between available Planner Versions by using a preparser option like
`CYPHER plannerVersion=v2026_03` and the warning is customer facing. Since we want to warn them that we have retired the version and will default back to the latest planner version so they can either update their query or change the planner version to the oldest non-retired one.

> |The Cypher planner version is retired. The default planner version is used instead.

Reviewer: How about skipping the word "retired":
```suggestion
|The Cypher planner version is no longer supported. The default planner version is used instead.
```

Author: We can absolutely change it to "no longer supported"

> |The Cypher planner version is retired. The default planner version is used instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|The Cypher planner version is no longer supported. The default planner version is used instead.
```

|Category
m|UNSUPPORTED
|GQLSTATUS code
m|01N84
|Status description

> a|warn: retired planner version. The Cypher planner version { <<preparserInput>> } is retired. The default planner version is used instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a|warn: unsupported planner version. The Cypher planner version { <<preparserInput>> } is no longer supported. The default planner version is used instead.
```

Reviewer: Why do they need to know the planner version if the default is always applied?

Author: If the customer just looks at warnings and not the query itself or has some kind of automated warning checker then it would be good for them to see what planner version that warning is pointing towards.  But no it is not strictly necessary but I don't think that it hurts to have it.

Author: Also we don't show the default planner version in the warning message, we show the unsupported one if that was unclear.

> a|warn: unsupported planner version. The Cypher planner version { <<preparserInput>> } is no longer supported. The default planner version is used instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a|warn: unsupported planner version. The Cypher planner version `{ <<preparserInput>> }` is no longer supported. The default planner version is used instead.
```

Reviewer: Here, we use backticks for rendering. Otherwise, the variable is displayed like this:

<img width="632" height="60" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3d01ec4c-e679-4894-8c5c-68664cc22110" />

|Classification
m|UNSUPPORTED
|SeverityLevel
m|WARNING
|===

.Requesting a retired planner version
[.tabbed-example]
=====
[.include-with-GQLSTATUS-code]
======
Query::
+
[source,cypher]
----
CYPHER plannerVersion=v2026_03 RETURN 1 AS result
----

Returned GQLSTATUS code::
01N84

Returned status description::

> warn: retired planner version. The Cypher planner version 'v2026_03' is retired. The default planner version is used instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
warn: unsupported planner version. The Cypher planner version v2026_03 is no longer supported. The default planner version is used instead.
```

> warn: unsupported planner version. The Cypher planner version 'v2026_03' is no longer supported. The default planner version is used instead.

Reviewer: Do we need the quotes?

Author: I've followed how we've implemented `01N40` which renders with quotes due to the code implementation, but i guess we can use backticks instead since we don't seem to have documented `01N40` anywhere.

Author: or would you rather not have any quotes or backticks at all?

Reviewer: I wouldn't use anything here. It's a version, not a code snippet or a variable. We use backticks in the docs to render code snippets, variables, etc., but in the monorepo, even those aren't consistent. I suggest we leave it without quotes or backticks in this case. v2026_03 is just the version like Neo4j 2026.0x.

Suggestions for improvement::

> Remove the `plannerVersion` option to use the default planner version, or specify a supported planner version.

Reviewer 2: I guess this is more in line of what is appropriate for this warning. Not sure about the exact wording.
```suggestion
Remove the `plannerVersion` option if the issue it was introduced for has been resolved, or contact Neo4j support for finding a different solution.
```

Reviewer: How about:
```suggestion
Remove the `plannerVersion` option if the issue for which it was introduced has been resolved, or contact Neo4j support.
```

======
[.include-with-neo4j-code]
======
Query::

[source,cypher]
----
CYPHER plannerVersion=v2026_03 RETURN 1 AS result
----
Description of the returned code::

> The Cypher planner version 'v2026_03' is retired. The default planner version is used instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Cypher planner version v2026_03 is no longer supported. The default planner version is used instead.
```
